oh you spent a little bit sample not
remember i have a good okay can I have
your Apple no hands off or just a
mouthful let's wrap them and share know
what the comments on moving it
millionaire
you done no she's gonna cripple my arm
like crazy with her back legs I can see
it oh no no don't take it away i'm gonna
eat like a fatty trying to get away my
apple he's got that like mad grip I want
to take my time to eat my Apple don't
give her anxiety over food that's gonna
be the worst whatever oh you swallowed
at that time no way yeah it's a bit
about this fits that was from the first
time
it's gonna be this bet old-time push
don't push out there's more good stuff
it's tactile Apple always gonna repeat
it again love sweet stuff
I'll just spit it out